you
no huh no she she wasn't ready she
wasn't ready
industry ready production yes beat.com
make your purchase hey what is up
everybody at tsg welcome back it's the
black ninja I don't whine and I have a
serious question for you guys when is it
okay to back the hell outta lobby or
just rage quit the whole game because I
was getting my shit pushed in in the
intro clip and watch this shit peeps
this is what happens when Kevin goes
wrong 3 news and one wrong equals a
seafood up the ass but anyway guys I got
some TDM for you on the map overflow
using the MSMC with the foregrip
attention that fans makes probably one
of my favorite is some G's in this game
but before we get into the commentary
topic I just want to thank the man
itself Thunder for allow me to upload on
tsg because thunders are very busy dude
and he don't have to do this shit he
could have been like all the other
bigger commentators they keep today self
but he sticks around for smaller
channels trying to get our names out
there so big salute to you again thunder
one of the bigger commentators to
actually do keep this shit 100 in the
community and speaking of keeping it 100
if you don't know what that term means
it actually means keeping it original
and being honest especially to your
subscriber fan base because I know a lot
of you guys watch the tsg channel and a
lot of gas to you to go subscribe to the
channel and then we subscribe to their
channels it's a whole different person
than the one you watched on tsg that's
when you realize you hopped in the pile
of dog shit and say it Daniel this ain't
even the same guy served two I should
call it a YouTube police on his ass for
impersonating a real YouTube because
that's all you had to do guys just keep
an original when you come on the tsg
channel if you guys just see me pick up
the V set and you already know the rules
the V set make rage quit and I got the
stealth chopper in the air at the same
damn time this Lobby just turns into a
cakewalk but back on topic originality
is the key if you want to make it here
on YouTube and having a thick skin
because let's face it if you don't have
a thick skin and worries easy to hurt
you YouTube is not the place for you
because it's a shit ton of trolls out
there who trolled for fun who get they
rock song by trolling people in the
comment section and you guys remember
that saying mama used to say when you
were kids just ignore kids if they
talking
about you we're saying actually does
work as an adult also because if you
were fully grown man control at the age
of 35 and you can t no trolls I actually
think you deserve this shit because it's
gonna be a gap right now in the comment
section as I speak being a keyboard
warrior type and saying oh my god this
guy is the worst commentator ever
Thunder why would you upload this video
and damn the dudes just got a head shot
on me with a sniper it didn't look legit
but treyarch says is legit so I guess
it's all good it is what it is and you
guys know you just can't run around free
smacking the hell out of noobs on black
ops 2 before a sniper decide to take a
shit on you but anyway guys like I was
saying you just gotta ignore the trolls
because they number some faint ain't
gray as nerds probably leaving any mom
basement playing xbox live 12 hours out
the day with a 5k tea with a 95 win-loss
ratio wonder why they kb not hire you
and kicked down the laydown it's too
easy they get thought he was gonna pick
up an easy kill on my teammate in this
shit it's not happening on my watch my
gas because your boy ninja is a team
player call me LeBron i ninja James but
anyway guys that's pretty much wrapping
up the gameplay these dudes just get
they ass smack with no baby powder but
leave me your comment in the comment
section below let me know what you guys
think about trolling in the community
and if you guys won't good solid
commentary topics just like this one
make sure you head over to my China and
become a part of the ninja army and also
I want to thank my duel with thunder
again big salute to you my god and make
sure you guys keep supporting them but
you guys enjoyed the gameplay and
commentary don't forget to leave me a
like or so but i will night dad for your
subscription it's the blatant is an eye
on one again and i'm out but it's
another you can't rock like this kit
nothing drop shot like this whole nother
level I am in the dungeons own fan
mexicana welcome to the thunderdome t9
little drawback to bank like buried a
golden spike you read the riddle Chuck
dinner Missouri uh-oh here comes the
thunder here comes the rain the litter
v7i blow out your brain grab my scan be
penguins fancy Oh heaven reese quick
install makes wonderful yes for ma BTW
buzzer typically plays a russian meters
under flushing continues don't um it I'm
flawless up and easy yeah I got still so
for bunnies and dyers been that's not
real uh-huh I shut them down like a your
feet get under strong can you step to me
now let's go I'm ready to fight let's go
but all I wanna do
I'm ready to walk
no I'm ready to fly let's go well
I'm ready for war
we gotta say sup little extra spicy
midnight you like them or you wanna rock
when the best for the best is me it
doesn't strong stuff to me now let's go
you can't have we got these s up but
watch your fashion items like oh you
wanna rock
it's under struck his
alesco
chillin
thunderstruck let's go
whoa
you